3- Debug the "goto" option (seems the "fork" may lose variables at times).
4- gtk-2 
6.- MC style opening of packed files: Click on files and you see the internal
structure as if it wasn't packed. Makes it very easy to copy and move content
from these files straight to where you want it.
7- Add code necesary to d+d files to/from xfsamba.
10- Instead of opening multiple boxes for multiple copying, open a single box and use a progress status bar. (easier for the user to do something else while long copy operation takes place, also faster than opening and closing dialogs).
12- Add a "Go Back" function. (do while debugging goto option)
14- add "save user shortcutkeys to config options:
    does gtk store the custom values in the associated accel?
    if so, how do you retrieve the values?
bugs to fix: information dialogs can get lost beneath 
             * need to check behavior of dlg_prop(),
               dlg_open_with(),dlg_execute() called in xtre_gui
             * need to check other files
                    all over yet)
             erratic behavior when the top open folder gets moved away by 
             another process.
+ desktop icons
+ useful dialog by copying multiple files (repeats #10)
+ different type documents have different pixmapped icons
+ much more configurable (file open actons ...)
done:
-modal dialog bug fixed throughout
-fixed a small bug in cb_exec

bug: information dialogs can get lost beneath 
	- fixed for all gtk_dlg.
13- add help for creating custom shortcut keys, and default defined shorcut keys
1- Some configuration options --> 
    save geometry on exit, 
    double click does goto, 
    short-titles
8- Add ctrl-T for keyboard shortcut to open terminal. Probably keyboard shorcuts
 for all menu items. --- This was already there, but it was bugged. It has been 
 fixed and reorganized to make for easier maintainance.
11- make a tree refresh inmediate after "duplicate file" and other actions that don't respond quickly (which others? New file was a bit bugged, since the new file was not put in the correct tree location)
9- Override file dialog should lstat both new and old file and show info 
  so user can decide whether or not to override. Also, on non-confirm 
  copy operation, if file will be overwritten, ask for confirmation, 
  please. --Also fixed "cancel" button on override and added "all" button.
2- An "all" button when doing hard deletes.
5.- Somehow be able to show the total size of a folder including all it's
content, sub-folders and their content.
->  ctrl-u or select from right button menu over folders gives diskusage

And yes. XFtree is a marvel. Fast, always there, and always in use.
